it's time for EJ's need old stat of the
night
sponsored by me check these spots on it
now
that's right how about that here you go
Ernie here's your signing bonus is it
going
wait you want that spot that's right you
know that was the reason that was empty
nobody wanted your shoes and I'm giving
an Ernie an endorsement deal what is it
for us my dump man
eyewear brand awesome thank you very
much you're getting free there you go
Ernie thank you
take a picture Ernie of them that's
amazing isn't it good that the guy on
the show spots on the show paying a show
and putting show things out there you go
kitty Costello's you thank you sir yeah
yeah he's the kind of hot dog dunk man
that makes me wish I didn't wear glasses
oh please give me Cheetos get her check
see baby you don't say you can't be
giving us free stuff giving you free
stuff go check out these here oh my oh
yeah you want to further what you want
to try the white ones or come on kitty
ran I think I make these look good you
think you lonely now wait until tonight
yeah those are the don't know song nahi
junkman shades and you cook man I
word.com check a mile baby
yeah and you can you can get those on
Shaq comm correct yes yeah late to check
that website I like I like segmental
combo my favorite I got a Carol I is
Charles Barkley coke in it thank you for
that go to Charles Barkley calm that is
my favorite website kid Terrace and
shout out to Phil pool for the video
earlier my daughter man and for those
nights those of you who are saying hey
we hear a lot about Shaq calm we hear a
lot about Charles Barkley calm
how about Kenny Smith calm well little
boy AZ peace yeah you do have a Kenny
Smith
you six must be I gotta put these back
on so I can see look at this oh you know
I almost miss I forgot to give my girl
mission a shout-out who runs Charles
Barkley calm you've given her down about
a million times Mary Glee here's the guy
who designed Kenny Smith volumes of
Kylie yeah let me tell you something
though we can look at that picture his
head really is that big and you still
wears the same shirt
[Music]